Good, very good, big topic. Sign of the Trekcho meditation. That is then we're talking about the
Trekcho. So, the Trekcho meditation, sign of the Trekcho meditation, for example, the nugget signs
are
more bodhijatas. Really, bodhijata arises so beautifully, so spacious. And your devotions
are also so strong and so powerful and so warm. And your joy and appreciation is also very strong
and beautiful and so kind of precious. And then also your attachment is really very soft, very
much soft. And emotions are not really killing us, such as anger, yellows, arrogance, against not
really killing us, as usually do. And even though even those can arise, they definitely can arise
for a long time, but also immediately recognizing that and not let that go far and immediately
liberating that, those thoughts. So, those all are really, in the particular and in the teachings,
of course, preposonants are very powerful. But among these two, two are, that is what, arrogance
and the yellows. These arrogance and yellows are generally the combination of three poisons,
but they are so easy to come in our mind. Yellows is very easy. Many times we don't detect them,
yellows. And also arrogance is so easy to come in our heart and mind. We don't detect them. So,
really seek out those so clearly and let them come. Then really we are quite very good, very good.
And then our meditation, that means also our meditation on the tikkyu is a very good step.
That is really then excellent, excellent. But even if we didn't reach that status,
that status, then we started practicing tikkyu in the tikkyu teaching, also within good foundation
of the, I mean, we start practicing tikkyu with a good foundation of tikkyu. In the teaching set,
also really it will help to boost up the tikkyu realization too, because it's connected. It's
connected. So, it really boosts up as tikkyu realization by tikkyu practices. So, therefore,
I think that we can start the bursa of pukkles in the teaching set, those are really important
and I'd generally, generally a struggle of the lineage, again, our hondra practice and rafukin
bodhijeta, those are really teaching set. And once you did those things, and then do also, if you
have time, this hondra practice, ah, it's hondra practice of tikkyu and toga practice, we do those
also, eat with us as much as we can. And then I think maybe it's going to do started with the toga
Practice is awesome.
Thank you very much.